NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following ecologists wrote The Fitness of the Environment?	Arthur Cain	Rachel Carson	Lawrence Henderson	John Beard	Y) Lawrence Henderson		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Which atoms of water molecules have a partial negative charge?						oxygens	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the maximum number of hydrogen bonds that a single water molecule is capable of forming?						4	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is false?	the specific heat of water is about twice that of iron	the specific heat of water is defined at 1 calories per gram per degree celsius of water	water’s high specific heat is due to hydrogen bonding	the specific heat of ethanol is about 1 calorie per gram per degree celsius	W) the specific heat of water is about twice that of iron		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the term for a mixture that is completely homogenous?						solution	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the term for number of moles of solute per liter of solution?						molarity	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the term for number of moles of solute per liter of solution? 7) Biology Multiple choice In a sample of water at human body temperature, about how many of the molecules will be undergoing hydrogen bonds with four other water molecules?						Y) 15%	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following refers to the sphere of water molecules that surround dissolved ions in aqueous solutions?	ionization molecules	aqueous sphere	hydration shell	dissolving atoms	Y) hydration shell		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Cohesion refers to	water molecules sticking together	water molecules sticking to hydrophilic surfaces	water molecules sticking to hydrophobic surfaces	tension between surface water molecules	W) water molecules sticking together		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	To two significant figures, how many Joules are one calorie?						4.2	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Order the following 3 substances in order of increasing acidity						1, 3, 2	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Ice is about how much less dense than water?	5% less dense	10% less dense	15% less dense	20% less dense	X) 10% less dense		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is closest to the pH of human blood?	7	7.4	7.8	8.2	X) 7.4		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What property of water allows insects to walk on it?						surface tension	Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is hydrophilic?	cell membrane exterior	granite	cotton	estrogen	Y) cotton		Maria Fedyk	J2	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following substances would water be least effective at dissolving?	steroids	proteins	sugars	salts	W) steroids		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Why does water have high heat of vaporization?						all of the hydrogen bonds must be broken for it to enter a gaseous state	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following statements is false?	water molecules have a bent shape	the oxygen in water is more electronegative than the hydrogen	cells are typically 70-95% water	each oxygen in a water molecule has a partial positive charge	Z) each oxygen in a water molecule has a partial positive charge		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name all of the following three that are strong acids or bases.						1 only	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is closest to water’s heat of vaporization, in calories?	80	420	580	760	Y) 580		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the maximum number of hydrogen bonds a water molecule can form at any given moment?						4	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	The number of moles of solute per liter of solution is known as	normality	molality	molarity	solility	Y) molarity		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the term for the process by which sweat cools the skin ?						evaporative cooling	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following statements is true?	transpiration is the force that drives the upward transport of water in a plant	water has a lower surface tension than most other liquids	heat is the average kinetic energy of a group of molecules	alcohol and ammonia have higher specific heats than water	W) transpiration is the force that drives the upward transport of water in a plant		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the name for a suspension of fine particles in a liquid?						colloid	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	The name for the H3O+ is the	hydrogen ion	hydronium ion	hydroxide ion	peroxide ion	X) hydronium ion		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Which two pollutants are responsible for the creation of most acid rain?						sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Lysozyme is a	enzyme important for muscle contraction	anti-microbial protein found in tears and saliva	break-down enzyme found in peroxisomes in the liver	protein used in plant photosynthesis	X) anti-microbial protein found in tears and saliva		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the term for the clinging of one substance to another?						adhesion	Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following statements is false?	pH declines as hydrogen concentration increases	a pH of 4 is 100 times more acidic than a ph of 6	tomato juice is more acidic than saliva	tears are typically slightly acidic	Z) tears are typically slightly acidic		Maria Fedyk	S1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is false about a sodium chloride when placed in water?	The hydrogen regions of the water molecules cling to chloride anions	The oxygen regions of the water molecules cling to sodium cations	A heterogeneous mixture of sodium chloride and water will form	Water molecules surround the individual ions and separate them from one another	Y) A heterogeneous mixture of sodium chloride and water will form		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	In 5 significant figures and expressed in scientific notation, how much is a mole?						6.0221 x 1023	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name all of the following, in words or numbers, that are hydrophilic: 1) Sodium chloride 2) Cellulose 3) Estrogen						1, 2	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Explain how cohesion contributes to the transport of water and dissolved nutrients against gravity in plants.						Water from the roots reaches the leaves through a network of water-conducting cells. As water evaporates from a leaf, hydrogen bonds cause water molecules leaving the veins to tug on molecules farther down, and the upward pull is transmitted through the water-conducting cells all the way down to the roots.	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is a stable suspension of fine particles in a liquid?						Colloid	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is false?	Water molecules stay close to each other as a result of hydrogen bonding	Hydrogen bonds form, break, and reform with great frequency	Water’s hydrogen bonds are very fragile when it’s in its liquid form	Each hydrogen bond lasts only a couple of seconds	Z) Each hydrogen bond lasts only a couple of seconds		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the difference between heat and temperature?						Heat is a measure of the total amount of kinetic energy due to molecular motion in a body of matter, while temperature measures the intensity of heat due to the average kinetic energy of the molecules.	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following properties of water are not correctly matched to one of its advantages?	Expansion upon freezing, bodies of water are prevented from freezing solid	Cohesion, some animals can walk on water without breaking the surface	Versatility as a solvent, temperature fluctuations on land and in water are kept within limits that permit life	Evaporative cooling, a mechanism is provided for terrestrial organisms to prevent overheating	Y) Versatility as a solvent, temperature fluctuations on land and in water are kept within limits that permit life		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the sphere of water molecules around each dissolved ion?	Hydration shell		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name two advantages of water’s high specific heat.						A large body of water can absorb and store a huge amount of heat while warming up only a few degrees, gradually cooling water can warm the air, it tends to stabilize ocean temperatures, organisms are more able to resist changes in their own temperature, etc.	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the maximum number of hydrogen bonds a single water molecule can form?						4	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is heat of vaporization?	The amount of heat that must be added or removed during a chemical reaction in order to keep all of the substances present at the same temperature	The amount of heat absorbed or evolved at 25°C and at 1 atm when 1 mol of a compound is formed from its constituent elements	The energy required to change a gram of a substance from the solid to the liquid state without changing its temperature	The quantity of heat a liquid must absorb for 1 g of it to be converted from the liquid to the gaseous state	Z) The quantity of heat a liquid must absorb for 1 g of it to be converted from the liquid to the gaseous state		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is NOT true?	Cells are about 70-95% water	The electrons in water are drawn significantly towards oxygen and the atoms become ionized	Water is the only common substance to exist in the natural environment in all three physical states of matter	The structure of a water molecule allows it to form weak chemical bonds with other molecules	X) The electrons in water are drawn significantly towards oxygen and the atoms become ionized		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the specific heat of water?	1 cal/g/°C	0.123 cal/g/°C	0.9 cal/g/°C	0.386 cal/g/°C	W) 1 cal/g/°C		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is NOT true?	Water begins to freeze when its molecules are no longer moving vigorously enough to break their hydrogen bonds	Hydrogen bonds cause ice to be 10% less dense than liquid water at 4°C	Water is one of many substances that are less dense as a solid than as a liquid	Water reaches its greatest density at 4°C	Y) Water is one of many substances that are less dense as a solid than as a liquid		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	A solution of pH 3 is how many times more acidic than a solution of pH 6?						1000x	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is not acidic?	Human blood	Urine	Black coffee	Fresh cow’s milk	W) Human blood		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	In any aqueous solution at 25°C, the product of the H+ and OH- concentrations is constant at:	10-13	10-14	10-15	10-16	X) 10-14		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	The pH of a solution is defined as:	The negative logarithm of the hydroxide ion concentration	The negative logarithm of the hydrogen ion concentration	The logarithm of the hydroxide ion concentration	The logarithm of the hydrogen ion concentration	X) The negative logarithm of the hydrogen ion concentration		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What ion is formed when a hydrogen ion binds to a water molecule?						H3O+ (accept hydronium ion)	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name two negative effects of acid precipitation.						It can damage life in lakes in streams, it washes away certain mineral ions that help buffer the soil solution and are essential for plant growth, increases the solubility of other minerals so they reach toxic concentrations, etc.	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What are substances that minimize changes in the concentrations of H+ and OH- in a solution?						Buffers	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Uncontaminated rain is slightly acidic, owing to the formation of what substance from carbon dioxide and water?	Carbonic acid	Oxalic acid	Methanoic acid	Benzoic acid	W) Carbonic acid		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Respectively, what are molarity and molality?						Molarity is the number of moles of solute per liter of solution, molality is the number of moles of solute per kilogram of solvent	Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Most buffer solutions contain:	A strong acid and its conjugate base	A strong base and its conjugate acid	A weak acid and its conjugate base	A weak base and its conjugate acid	Y) A weak acid and its conjugate base		Ruby Tang	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the name for the sphere of water molecules around a dissolved ion?	aqua sphere	hydration shell	reagent dome	aqua dome	X)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the name for the amount of heat needed for a liquid to absorb in order to enter the gas phase?	phase shift energy	heat of sublimation	heat of vaporization	heat of deposition	Y)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name all of the following, in words or numbers, that would dissolve in water						ALL but 2	William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the heat of vaporization of water?	420 calories	580 joules	420 joules	580 calories	Z)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is not true for evaporative cooling?	The fastest molecules are the ones that evaporate first	Evaporative cooling is a common method of using water to decrease the temperature of organisms	Evaporative cooling could theoretically work with any liquid, but water is the most common for biological systems	all of the following above are true	Z)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is not a property of water?	relatively high vapor pressure	high specific heat	polar	can form hydrogen bonds	Z)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the geometric shape of a water molecule?	tetrahedral	trigonal planar	bent	linear	Y)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the measure of how difficult it is to stretch or break the surface of a liquid?						surface tension	William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	To the nearest whole number, how many joules would it take to heat up 10 grams of water by 1 degree kelvin?						42 joules	William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	In grams what is the molecular mass of glucose?	80	100	120	180	Z)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is a suspension of fine particles in a liquid known as?						colloid	William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is the most common buffer in the human circulatory system	bicarbonate	hydrogen peroxide	water	hydrogen acetate	W)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Which two classes of gases are predominantly responsible for acid rain?						sulfur oxides, and nitrogen oxides	William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	In a completely neutral solution what is the concentration of OH^- ?	1x10^-14	1	1x10-^-7	Impossible to tell	Y)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is not true?	Water has a neutral pH	The product of the concentration of OH-and H+ is always equal to 1x10^14	When the concentration of OH increases, pH increases	Adding an acid to a solution will increases its pH	Z)		William Li	S3	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the name for the chemical formula H2O?	water	salt water	the chemical formula for sodium chloride is H2O	The chemical formula for H2O is H2O	Z)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	How does water travel up a plant?	the cells transport water from one cell to the next	the cells suck up water with sponge-like features	because of cohesion only	because of cohesion and adhesion	Z)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name all of the following, in words or numbers, that are false 1) water is a polar molecule 2) water’s high surface tension is due to its cohesion towards each other 3) water is a polar molecule						all	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	How much is one calorie?	The amount of energy needed to raise the temperature of a potato by one degree celsius	The amount of energy needed to raise one gram of saturated salt water by 1 degree celsius	The amount of energy needed to raise one gram of water by 1 degree celsius	the amount of energy needed to run a mile	Y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	which of the following is false?	heat is a kind of energy	temperature is a measure of the amount of heat	temperature is the measure of heat intensity	a pool may have more heat energy than a cup of hot chocolate	X)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	which of the following is the least accurate?	water regulates the temperature on Earth	When water is at 4* celsius it is at its densest	Salt dissolves in water because it is non-polar	water is less dense when a solid	Y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following are true?	evaporative cooling happens even if the water is at extremely low temperatures	oil is hydrophilic	water has a high heat of vaporization compared to metals	a colloid is a solution where fine molecules are suspended in water, no dissolved	Z)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What makes a substance hydrophilic or hydrophobic respectively?						whether their molecules are polar or nonpolar.	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	what is the molecular mass of glucose with the molecular formula of C6H12O6?	540 daltons	180 daltons	170 daltons	200 daltons	X)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is NOT a form of Acid precipitation?	rain with a ph of 5.3	Snow with a ph of 5	fog with a ph of 4.2	Mist with a ph of 5.1	W)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	How many grams of salt(NaCl) do you have to mix into one liter of water to create a one mol/liter solution of salt? Salt has the molecular mass of 58.4.						58.4 grams of salt	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	if solution A has a ph of 2 and another, solution B has a ph of 5, how much higher is the H+ concentration?	triple	100	1,000	10,000	Y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	why are there buffers in blood?						so the pH of the blood can’t change that drastically	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	what do buffers do to prevent change in pH?	They either donate or take hydrogen ions		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	how were scientists able to measure previous CO2 levels?	Ice frozen in the ground	air bubbles trapped in mud	air bubbles trapped in ice for thousands of years	fossils	Y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What bonds are broken when water is vaporized?	polarized covalent	ionic	hydrogen	van der waals	y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	When is water the densest?	5 C*	4 C	<4 C	<3 C	x)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	What is the hydration shell?						Sphere of water molecules surrounding a dissolved ion.	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	to the nearest whole number, what is the molecular mass of C6H12O6? In daltons						180 daltons	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What property is used by animals to decrease body temp. Through sweating?	High specific heat	Evaporative cooling	Adhesion	Cohesion	X)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is hydrophobic?	water	sugar	honey	wax	Z)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the gas is responsible for ocean acidification?	H2O2	HCl	CO3-	CO2	Z)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	what is Avogadro's number?						6.02 *10^23	Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	how many grams would be one mole of glucose?	300	18	342	360	Y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Evaporative cooling is based off of...?	High boiling point	High Specific heat	High heat of vaporization	High adhesion	Y)		Allison Lin	F1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What letter is a partial charge symbolized in intermolecular force diagrams and models?	sigma	gamma	omega	delta	Z)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What can a calorie be defined as?	the energy needed to change the heat of 1 gram of water by 1 degree fahrenheit	the energy needed to raise on cmxcmxcm box of water at stp by 1 degree kelvin	the energy consumed in 1/2000 of an average human diet	the energy in joules needed to raise one gram of water by 1 degree fahrenheit	X)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Name all of the following, in words or numbers, that given enough time will completely evaporate: 1) ice at room temperature 2) liquid water at room temperature 3) liquid water at below freezing						ALL bu 3	William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Describe the difference between heat and temperature?						temperature= average kinetic energy: heat= total kinetic energy	William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	How many Kcal’s are required to heat a box of 1mx1mx1m of water?	1 kcal	10kcal	100kcal	100kcal	Z)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	How many Joules are there in one Kcal?	4.2	42	420	4200	Z)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the name for the amount of heat required to raise a substance’s temperature by 1 degree?	specific heat	molar heat	heat of vaporization	curie heat	W)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Why is it that high humidity makes you feel more hot on a hot day?						Evaporation of your sweat is slowed down so evaporative cooling is delayed.	William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	At what temperature is water at it’s highest?	277 Kelvin	269 Kelvin	4 Kelvin	-4 Kelvin	W)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following will not dissolve in water?	Insulin	Collagen	Vinegar	C6H12O6	X) (note it’s a colloid)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	How many hydration shells are formed by 34 grams of NaCl dissolved in distilled water?						6.02x10^23 ( accept a mole)	William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	Which of the following is not a colloid?	cotton	butter	testosterone	fibrin	Y)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Find and give proper units for the molecular mass of lactose: or C12H22O11?						342 daltons	William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Multiple Choice	What is the molarity of a 100L solution with 3420 grams of lactose?	10M	1M	0.1M	0.01M	Y)		William Li	J1	Toss-Up
NSB	Biology	Water	Short Answer	Which two acids are the main contributors to acid rain?						Nitrogen dioxide and Sulfur dioxide	William Li	J1	Toss-Up
