Name: Maria Fedyk                                        Date: 6/2/18
Text: Biology                                                 Subtext: Ch. 3
Author: Campbell                                        Edition: 9
Biology: Water


Chapter 3: Water and Life
Toss-Up
1) Biology Multiple Choice Which of the following substances would water be least effective at dissolving?
W) steroids
X) proteins
Y) sugars
Z) salts
Answer: W) steroids


Toss-Up
2) Biology Short Answer Why does water have high heat of vaporization?
Answer: all of the hydrogen bonds must be broken for it to enter a gaseous state


Toss-Up
3) Biology Multiple Choice Which of the following statements is false?
W) water molecules have a bent shape
X) the oxygen in water is more electronegative than the hydrogen
Y) cells are typically 70-95% water
Z) each oxygen in a water molecule has a partial positive charge
Answer: Z) each oxygen in a water molecule has a partial positive charge


Toss-Up
4) Biology Short Answer Name all of the following three that are strong acids or bases.
1. Sodium hydroxide
2. Ammonia
3. Carbonic acid.
Answer: 1 only


Toss-Up
5) Biology Multiple Choice Which of the following is closest to water’s heat of vaporization, in calories?
W) 80
X) 420
Y) 580
Z) 760
Answer: Y) 580


Toss-Up
6) Biology Short Answer What is the maximum number of hydrogen bonds a water molecule can form at any given moment?
Answer: 4


Toss-Up
7) Biology Multiple Choice The number of moles of solute per liter of solution is known as
W) normality
X) molality
Y) molarity
Z) solility
Answer: Y) molarity


Toss-Up
8) Biology Short Answer What is the term for the process by which sweat cools the skin ?
Answer: evaporative cooling


Toss-Up
9) Biology Multiple Choice Which of the following statements is true?
W) transpiration is the force that drives the upward transport of water in a plant
X) water has a lower surface tension than most other liquids
Y) heat is the average kinetic energy of a group of molecules
Z) alcohol and ammonia have higher specific heats than water
Answer: W) transpiration is the force that drives the upward transport of water in a plant


Toss-Up
10) Biology Short Answer What is the name for a suspension of fine particles in a liquid?
Answer: colloid


Toss-Up
11) Biology Multiple Choice The name for the H3O+ is the
W) hydrogen ion
X) hydronium ion
Y) hydroxide ion
Z) peroxide ion
Answer: X) hydronium ion


Toss-Up
12) Biology Short Answer Which two pollutants are responsible for the creation of most acid rain?
Answer: sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides


Toss-Up
13) Biology Multiple Choice Lysozyme is a 
W) enzyme important for muscle contraction
X) anti-microbial protein found in tears and saliva
Y) break-down enzyme found in peroxisomes in the liver
Z) protein used in plant photosynthesis
Answer: X) anti-microbial protein found in tears and saliva


Toss-Up
14) Biology Short Answer What is the term for the clinging of one substance to another?
Answer: adhesion


Toss-Up
15) Biology Multiple Choice Which of the following statements is false?
W) pH declines as hydrogen concentration increases
X) a pH of 4 is 100 times more acidic than a ph of 6
Y) tomato juice is more acidic than saliva
Z) tears are typically slightly acidic
Answer: Z) tears are typically slightly acidic